Filament Profile `README.md` (#2)
filamentphp/.github: profile/README.md

    <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/41773797/131910226-676cb28a-332d-4162-a6a8-136a93d5a70f.png" alt="Banner" style="width: 100%; max-width: 800px;" />
</p>

## About Filament

> [Filament](https://filamentphp.com/) is an open source collection of tools for rapidly building beautiful TALL stack apps, designed for humans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Filament](https://filamentphp.com) is an open source collection of tools for rapidly building beautiful TALL stack apps, designed for humans.
```

> [Filament](https://filamentphp.com/) is an open source collection of tools for rapidly building beautiful TALL stack apps, designed for humans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Filament](https://filamentphp.com/) is a collection of tools for rapidly building beautiful TALL stack apps, designed for humans.
```

> ## Our Packages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Packages
```

- [Admin Panel](https://filamentphp.com/docs/admin) - A fully-featured Laravel admin panel.
- [Form Builder](https://filamentphp.com/docs/forms) - An intuitive Laravel form builder.
- [Table Builder](https://filamentphp.com/docs/tables) - An interactive Laravel table builder.
- [Notifications](https://filamentphp.com/docs/notifications) - Powerful Laravel notifications.

> ## Additional Resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Resources
```
